got:
- Teach 'got merge' to merge changes into an arbitrary subdirectory
  of the work tree. This would be nice for merging vendor branches.
  Say you have a branch 'llvm-12' which intially contains a 12.0
  release tree as published by the LLVM project, added to the repository
  with a command such as 'got import -b llvm-12'. On the main branch we
  would want to merge files from the llvm-12 branch into /usr/src/gnu/llvm
  instead of the root directory checked out at /usr/src.
  The next LLVM release 12.1 would later be committed onto the llvm-12
  branch and then merged into main at /usr/src/gnu/llvm in the same way.
- Add an option where 'got cherrypick' and 'got backout' will immediately
  create a new commit with a log-message based on the original log message.
  This must require an up-to-date and clean work tree to avoid unrelated
  changes from getting mixed in. Perform an implicit work tree base-commit
  bump after committing, like 'got rebase' and 'got histedit' do it.
- Respect the current umask when creating or changing files and directories
  in the work tree. This behaviour is already documented in got-worktree(5)
  but not actually implemented.
- When a clone fails the HEAD symref will always point to "refs/heads/main"
  (ie. the internal default HEAD symref of Got). Resuming a failed clone with
  'got fetch' is supposed to work. To make this easier, if the HEAD symref
  points to a non-existent reference it should be updated by 'got fetch'
  to match the HEAD symref sent by the server.

network protocol:
- add http(s) transport with libtls, speaking the two Git HTTP protocols
  (both "dumb" and "smart" need to work) via got-fetch-pack, or a new helper
  like got-fetch-http; it is fine if HTTP remains a fetch-only protocol, and
  works only against servers which don't require authentication for fetches;
  anything beyond this would require a full-featured HTTP client (Git uses
  libcurl, which we cannot use as it is not in the OpenBSD base system)

tog:
- implement 'limit' for 'tog log' (like search but display matched commits only)
- make 'tog log' respond to key presses while 'loading...' history; loading
  can be slow for paths in a deep history if the path has not been changed
  very often, and 'tog log' blocks far too long in this case
- make it possible to view the contents of tag objects
- verify signed tag objects
- in the blame view, make it possible to open a log view for the commit on
  the selected line; useful when the blamed commit is a merge commit and
  the user wants to view relevant parent commits

gotweb:
- tracey has a gotwebd thingy in progress somewhere

gotd:
- needs to be designed and implemented
